 I developed an desktop application.
 It help people with monitoring changes on web pages.

 You can easy install it by unzip one directory and then you can type pages, which you want to monitoring to configuration file.
 It look like this.
 You can specify page address and lots of useful things here.
 For example, you can put there information how to automatically log in to page.

After configuration you can open the application.
This is main window.
In the top section in the table you can observe last changes on monitored pages.
Every detected page update insert one line to the table.
Then you can clear the table by button.

In the down section you can start or stop checking page manually or set period of automatic page checking.

If you delete some line from this window, it will by still available in special window for look into all history.
You simply type your requirement here and the result  will be displayed in this table.

The main feature of this app is graphic comparing.
You can select two version of some page and then click to compare button.
It open this two version of page in you web browser and highlight the difference.
In this control panel you can set some preference.
Form example you can join this two version to one page where is new things highlighted by green color and deleted things by red.

Now I will tel you something about development of this application.
I used Qt libraly for almost everything.
It is very big tool kit for programming in c plus plus.
It help me with with rendering this graphic user interference and connecting to server for downloading pages.

Because I used Qt library, the best chose was writing code in Qt Creator IDE.
This is part of my code in this text editor.
There is very simple to compile and run all project, but text editor support lot's of advanced tool like code hinting.

I used GIT for version control, back up and publishing code.

Application is running on most operation system such as Linux, Windows and maybe Mac OS.
Some people is testing the app now and I use it every day.
It is available for everybody as installation package or source code.
Now it is all from me, thank's for attention.

--------------------------------------
I'm interested in programming and I need this app, because before I deployed it, I spend lot's of time by checking some pages manually.
